1. What is the difference between an access token and a refresh token? Why are they different expiry lengths?

Access Token:
	An Access Token is used to access protected APIs like /api/me or /api/orders. It has a short expiry time (for example, 15 minutes or 	1 hour) to reduce the impact if it is stolen.

Refresh Token:
	A Refresh Token is used only to generate a new Access Token after the current one expires. It has a longer expiry time (for example, 	7 days or 30 days) so the user doesn't have to log in frequently.

Why different expiry lengths?

	Access Token: Short expiry improves security.
	Refresh Token: Long expiry provides a better user experience because users stay logged in longer.


2. What is an Axios interceptor and why is it better than manually adding the token to every API call?


	An Axios interceptor is a function that runs automatically before every request or after every response.

Instead of writing:

	headers: {
 	 Authorization: `Bearer ${token}`
	}

	for every API request, the interceptor automatically adds the JWT token.

Benefits:

	No repeated code.
	Easier to maintain.
	Every request automatically includes the latest token.
	Makes handling expired tokens much easier.


3. What happens in your app when the access token expires mid-session? Walk through the exact sequence of events in your interceptor code.

	When the Access Token expires:

		1.The user sends a request to a protected API.
		2.The server returns 401 Unauthorized because the Access Token has expired.
		3.The Axios response interceptor detects the 401 error.
		4.It sends the Refresh Token to the /refresh endpoint.
		5.The server verifies the Refresh Token.
		6.The server returns a new Access Token.
		7.The interceptor stores the new Access Token.
		8.The original API request is automatically retried using the new Access Token.
		9.The user continues using the application without logging in again.

	If the Refresh Token has also expired or is invalid, the user is redirected to the login page.

4. What is the difference between JWT authentication and Flask session authentication? Why is JWT better for a React single-page application?

Flask Session Authentication
	1.The server stores the user's session data.
	2.The browser receives a session cookie.
	3.Every request sends the cookie back to the server.
	4.The server checks the session in its memory or database.

JWT Authentication
	1.The server creates a signed JWT after login.
	2.The client stores the token (for example, in local storage or a secure cookie).
	3.Every request sends the JWT in the Authorization header.
	4.The server verifies the JWT signature without storing session data.

Why is JWT better for a React SPA?
	1.React communicates with the backend through APIs.
	2.JWT works well with REST APIs because it is stateless.
	3.No server-side session storage is required.
	4.Easier to scale across multiple servers.
	5.Mobile apps and web apps can use the same authentication system.
	6.The frontend can include the token in every API request using Axios interceptors.